---
title:  "Bronco Hamper"
author: "Dillon"
date:   08/15/2018
cdn: 'header-off'
header-img: "shoe-haze.gif"
---
## Day 1
I was driving home from a long trip to Atlanta. Every once in a blue moon I'll make a trip up north from Ideal to Atlanta. It takes a little less than two hours to get there. But the shop options are outstanding. I'm a collector of all sorts of ephemera. TV show merchandising or props to movie posters to tins in the shape of the Pantheon. And Atlanta is chock full of curios shops and antique malls. 

On my way home, I feel more accomplished than on my return from most trips. I always find something cool to flip online but this trip feels different than others. My favorite piece, was a $25 rock that I found. It's not just an ordinary rock, it's luminescent. Bright luminescent. In fact its glow stands out even in broad daylight.

I was in the rundown part of Forest Park. There was a shop whose sign just said antiques. It looked like it used to be a googie hotel sign but now it's just got that one word painted up there. I stopped in and it looked like the kind of place that someone started several years ago with big plans but slowly let it turn into a storage unit that they've got open to the public to riffle through. Well as part of that riffling public, I was serving my duty towards the back where the backstock was kept. This is usually where you'll find your best deals because most people don't have the patience to sort through unorganized items. Especially when the actual displays of the establishment do not demonstrate much more effort on the shopkeep's part. 

Looking through the piles of papers and random pleather boxes I came across a rock. Just the sight of this thing sent chills down my spine. I packed it in an old Swiss Army watch box and brought to the front. The hippie woman running the store looked like she was rarely in her right mind. She looked like she bought a bunch of belly dance gear and just decided to wrap some of it around her waist and head to keep her hair up. The rest of her clothes looked very Walmart yet old. She charged me $25 for the rock and box and wished me a happy day and prompt return business. 

The excitement from this mystical rock was making me feel exhausted. It was getting close to the end of the day anyway. So I stopped off for a coney and headed home. 

Now, heading down I-75 in the dusk, I feel the coney hitting my stomach Linda bag of rocks. I can't decide if I can wait and make it home or if I'm going to have to make a pit stop. I keep my mind focused on other things and persuade my body to hold out its betrayal a little while longer, just enough to make it to my own facilities. 

After getting home, and getting unpacked, I always go through my haul for the day. I'll spend an hour or so and just look through my bags and look up current sell prices online for the things I've picked up. Sometimes if an item isn't worth the time it takes to list it, I'll find a spot for it on my bookshelves. I collect books too, but it's not often I read one. I made it to the rock and was trying to study it to identify it. I wasn't able to find anything out about it online. Apparently there aren't many substances on earth that can glow so bright naturally, so more than likely it's some kind of manufactured glow stick. 

As I'm studying the rock trying to decide what to do with it, I get lost in the dancing light it shines. I get caught in a small dream.

I'm lying on a road surrounded by woods. I start walking to my left into the woods for a ways. I see a big hill dead ahead. As I get closer and closer I see that there's a cave at its base. I come to the cave's mouth. There's a branchless uprooted tree leaned down the middle of the opening. Water is pouring out of the cave like it's draining God's pool for the fall. To go in would be exciting. I don't have the proper outfit on though, my shoes would get soaked and already I'm freezing my tailend off. Turning left or turning right I follow the flow of the water deeper into the woods. 

It's dark outside but I hear a distant bird chirp. Curious to dig deeper into the woods, I tread onwards. The rhythm of my steps crunching leaves and sticks lights up in a dim yellowish green. I can see the sound ooze out from under my feet each step and fade out into oblivion. Only barely seeing the sound smog around obstacles within inches of my steps. Looking for the bird's song I fix my gaze ahead and try to avoid staring at the ground. Each tree's body emits a deep royal purple glow. It doesn't look possible but the color is so deep it's almost darker than the blackness that surrounds it. Each tree looks like it's a frozen canister of CO2 with its slow motion nebula of ultra purple fingering out into nothing. As I walk through them the air feels extremely humid as I drink it down in big gulps. The fumes seem to take slow my thinking. I feel like I'm not really there anymore. I'm not sure I ever was. But still I'm stuck in this dream of a body marching forward regularly smashing pockets of yellow glow dust. The bird's call again sounds out ahead of me and causes a bright flame of a light to shoot forth. I don't see the light directly because a tree is perfectly lined up between me and the source. I draw closer to the tree seeing no more flashes. I reach out to touch the tree and drag my fingers down its ancient-looking scratchy bark. I leave bright pink streaks that leak their color into the grooves and flow down the tree like blood. Pulling back my hand and examining it reveals that the source from the color is my palm. Streaked with a confetti of sparkles lighting up like a mirrorball. Glitter falling off on all sides ever so slowly, twirling in an acrobatic display on their descent. A bright flash illuminates my surroundings and makes the tree's black light retract, taking the luminance of the pink streaks with it. 

I walk around the tree and find the fat phoenix perched atop the tree. It cranes its neck to fix its left eye on me and looks me up and down. I show it my palm. It swoops off the limb in a quick jump and loud rustling of its feathers. Now it's dark as the glows all around me fade back to pitch black. Not even my hand has any brightness. My vision is going out completely.

When I wake up, I'm laying on my floor with all my bags still half-opened and the rock sitting on the edge of the coffee table. I sit up to find that I have a strong migraine that feels like it's been brewing for quite some time. 

I get up and take some aspirin. And some Pepto while I'm at it. I go back to the front room and take the rock out of the box. It almost has a warmth to its touch in my hand. I start to stare into it again but tear my eyes away before getting entranced again. I take it to the bookshelf and find a place to perch it. I switch off the living room lights to see how well it shows in the dark. The room has a dull light like a third quarter moon in an empty night sky. I sit back down on the couch to admire the rock more. 

## Day 2
The next morning I feel even worse. I'm not sure what was in that coney but I know that that coney is definitely not in me anymore. And neither is any other nourishment it seems. I scour the kitchen for some soup or stew from the last time I had a cold. It seems like I never buy those for any other reason. I barely got any sleep overnight, so my exhaustion keeps jumping higher and higher. I call work and tell them I won't make it in today. Rarely do I miss work so it's not an issue to miss a day for food poisoning. I find one packet of Ramen and whip it up for breakfast. It goes down smooth and satisfyingly.

I wake up from a nap in the late afternoon. I guess I really was exhausted because I just slept for four and a half hours. I get up to use the restroom. As I lift myself off the bed, my right knee folds completely like it was out of commission. I nearly fall but catch myself on the edge of the bed. The shock gives my head a surge of blood which exacerbates the migraine some more. I wait for my leg to wake up and finish trotting to the toilet. 

At around seven, after watching a few hours of mindless tv, I head out for some groceries. Getting back out into the world feels good. I hoped that I wouldn't get sick while I was at the store and did wind up making it just fine. I got a few night's widths of dinner and another box of Ramen. On the drive back I noticed that not only did my stomach start to feel better but my migraine was going away too. Hopefully it isn't just the temporary relief of pills, I think to myself. I get home and get everything put away and whip up some chicken noodle soup. It stays down for a while but not through the whole night. 

Again I find that I can't get any solid satisfying sleep. I decide to try to watch some more tv. The show I was watching had a talking bear. He lived in an electric forest and drove a car. He had a job and a family but also a drug addiction. This bear would go to work and buy Bronco Hampers from a colleague. These would give him the feeling that he was crossing a powerful river, defying the wind's protests, and chomping a salmon with his powerful jaws. This feeling empowered him to work through the drudgery of his nine-to-five job. And one night it got a little too far. Half in a stupor, he crashed his car and injured his left arm. He didn't really care about the pain at all because he didn't feel it. What concerned him the most was the jukebox that he had run into. It was an outdoor jukebox at a drive thru restaurant that he and his parents would go to every weekend. Driving down memory lane, he forgot to watch his speed. Somebody must have phoned for help because the next thing he knows, he's being laid out on a stretcher and carted off. He wakes up later in a hospital room all alone. The first pain he feels after his injury is the pain that his family wasn't by his side. When the nurse visits with him he asks where his family is and she tells him that they're still in surgery. Why are they in surgery, he demands to know. You're wife is just waiting. Your son is having debris removed from the wreck. As soon as she utters this the flashbacks hit him. He can see the car careening up the curb through his lawn into the side of his house. He was aiming for the driveway leading up to the carport but was seeing a spiritual plane instead. His son had been in the living room watching tv when the wall exploded in behind his head.

Seeing this story unfold awakens a deep sadness in me. I stop to look around at myself and wonder what will happen to me. Where will I go from here? The blue glow from my bookshelf catches my eye and hypnotizes me. I start to see the psychedelic streams of light from the show flying just barely in my peripheral vision. I snap my eyes side to side to watch a trail but my eyes don't see anything. As I move my eyes around in my head each movement causes a soothing stretching feeling on the back of my eyeballs. I stop chasing the streamers and look back at the rock. I feel warm. I look back to the tv and it's off now. I turn it back on to blackness. I check the time and it's now 4:18 in the morning. I was out of it for over four hours. The sleep timer turned off the PlayStation. 

I get up to use the restroom but have to wait even longer for my legs to cooperate this time. And instead of just the run-of-the-mill stomach issues there's a new ingredient this time: blood. The sight of the red stream falling out of my mouth only made me feel sicker. I felt weak and clammy knelt at the porcelain throne. I had never seen anything like it before. Trying to remember what this could mean causes my head to split open in pain. I clean myself up and walk back to bed. I try to sleep.

## Day 3
The next morning I wake up just before my alarm. At first I wake up and my head feels scrambled. I try to move my body to lay on my side but I'm completely paralyzed. My arms, my legs, even my head is fully numb. I feel panic growing in my already turbulent chest. Something has got a terrible hold on me and is not letting go. I wait in bed for five minutes. Fifteen minutes. I start to feel my stomach churning even stronger than I've felt it the past couple of days. Still unable to move at all, just the consistent motion of my chest moving up and down with each breath. Finally it feels like my body has resigned in keeping contained whatever force is tearing it apart and I feel a sharp slow crack in the back of my head. My stomach returns all it can but without the ability to roll off of my back I feel my breathing close off. Completely open to the world but not feeling like I'm actually there my mind races and thinks of all my regrets, my loves, my memories and a single tear rolls down my right eye.

## Day 8
Dr. Rich Brunswick, Medical Center of Peach County. 07:47 November 25th, 2017. The body of Nathan Augustine, age 32, was brought to the facility for autopsy. Upon close inspection, it was determined that this man has died of septicemia and generalized infection. The cause of these symptoms can be traced back to the body's radiation. Measuring 7 grays upon discovery in his home in Forest Park. Swelling to his upper body was observed as well as excessive hair loss. Later it was discovered that Augustine was in possession of a small capsule containing about 118 grams of highly radioactive caesium chloride. Upon checking Augustine's symptoms, radiation detection equipment quickly discovered the source. First responders reported that the material was emitting a bright blue radio-luminescence. The capsule has been sent off to Atlanta for proper disposal. 

